why the sudden curiosity about your dad
huh mother you can't avoid the subject
forever at least tell me what you sly I
want to talk to you about my mother what
about your mother dad I'm almost 12 how
long do you expect me to buy that story
that the stork dropped me on your
doorstep everyone in the world believes
they're unique in their own way Annie
James and Hallie Parker are about to
discover they're both unique in the same
way I think we should switch places I'll
go back to London as you and you go buy
sell or Nia as me if we switch they'll
have done stitches when they do the two
meet again
[Music]
now two sisters are setting the perfect
trap it seems like no idea to bring
their parents back together I like it
when I can see a little chest hair it's
disgusting
there's any hope of getting mom and dad
back together we've got to do it fast I
am marrying your father in two weeks and
nothing you do is going to come between
us from the makers of father of the
bride just everyone here knows something
I don't know yes Dennis Quaid Natasha
Richardson and introducing Lindsay Lohan
start by
first star I see tonight
[Music]
I wish I made my wish I wish true
Disney's The Parent Trap
[Music]